Add Function BackupDataAllUsingKopiaServer (#1968)
kanisterio/kanister: docs/functions.rst

      backupID: "{{ .ArtifactsIn.backupIdentifier.KeyValue.id }}"
      image: ghcr.io/kanisterio/kanister-tools:0.89.0

.. _backupdataallusingkopiaserver:

BackupDataAllUsingKopiaServer
-----------------------------

> This function concurrently backs up data from one or more pods into an any
> object store supported by Kanister using Kopia Repository Server as a data mover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function concurrently backs up data from one or more pods into an
object store supported by Kanister using Kopia Repository Server as a data mover.
```

.. note::
   It is important that the application includes a ``kanister-tools``
   sidecar container. This sidecar is necessary to run the

>    tools that capture path on a volume and store it on the object store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   tools that backup the volume and store it on the object store.
```

WDYT?

   Additionally, in order to use this function, a RepositoryServer CR is needed
   while creating the :ref:`actionsets`

> 

Reviewer: Let's also mention the document that, if we have any, on how to create the repo server CR.

Arguments:

.. csv-table::
   :header: "Argument", "Required", "Type", "Description"
   :align: left
   :widths: 5,5,5,15

   `namespace`, Yes, `string`, namespace of the container that you want to backup the data of

>    `pods`, No, `string`, pods in which you want to backup the data of (by default runs on all the pods)

Reviewer: do we specify names of pods separated by comma (`,`).
